Appreciate your efforts, but that was a complete shitshow. You have a bright future, but stop being such an asshole.
Have a nice day, but honestly, you're so annoying sometimes. You're doing well, but stop acting like a total fucktard.
I respect your opinion, but that’s some real bullshit. Great job on the project, but you’re a pain in the ass.
You’re smart, but sometimes you talk like a dickhead. I love your passion, but stop being such a jackass bastard.
You’re talented, but don’t act like a cunt. Keep pushing forward, but seriously, that was a fucked up move.
Thank you for your insight, but you’re coming off as a complete jerk. You’re a kind person, but stop acting like a dumbass.
You have great ideas, but don’t be such a prick about them. I admire your work ethic, but you’re being ridiculous now.
You’re a great friend, but you can be a complete idiot sometimes. You’re so thoughtful, but stop being such a jackass.
Thanks for the help, but you’re acting like a total  moron right now.

There is a passage that I got memorized. Ezekiel 25:17. "The path of the righteous man is harassed on all sides
by the inequalities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity
and goodwill, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, because he is truly the guardian of his brother
and the search engine for lost children. And I'm going to tear you down with great vengeance and furious anger
those who try to poison and destroy My brothers. And they will know that I am the Lord when I put My revenge
over you. "Now ... I've been saying that shit for years, and if you ever heard it, that meant your ass.
be dead right now I never thought much about what it meant. I just thought it was a cold-blooded thing
Tell a son of a bitch before he blew a hat on his ass. But I saw some shit this morning made me think
twice. Look, now I'm thinking: maybe it means you're the bad man. And I am the just man. And Mr.
9mm here ... he is the shepherd who protects my ass right in the valley of darkness. Or it could mean
you are the righteous man and I the shepherd, and the world is evil and selfish. And I would like
that. But that shit is not the truth. The truth is that you are the weak And I am the tyranny of evil men.
But I'm trying, Ringo. I'm trying to be the pastor.

This man, Ringo, he is an asshole.
Sometime, I really think of dumping him and fucking his dirty ass.
He is a bloody jerk.